Hello everyone, welcome to the review
this land cruiser 100
2006 release
the cost of this car is 1 million
six hundred eighty thousand rubles and
Today I am in the Republic of Tatarstan
city ​​quays and then salon care
line this review will be dedicated and
car exterior we also
open the trunk trunk let's get the engine
listen to its sound
such keys are also installed here
car alarm let's get started
glad
leather interior
there is also a rear camera
kind of
easy to turn the role
the steering wheel has a mechanical Kozhin
adjustments
adjustable in currency only
it is not regulated for the sake of steam
fog lights step up
alarm signaling
all 4
extra power window automatically
we will open the hood
posts
kenguryatnik
headlight washer
roof rails
power strange lock
glass locks
fully selector adjustments
optical axis 9
electric adjustment in two directions
has lumbar support
electric adjustable mirrors
order me heated and electric
foldable
this car has a mileage of 120 thousand
kilometers
let's listen to the sound of the engine
average fuel consumption is displayed on
This display also includes the clock and temperature
there is an audio system overboard
pioneer sit screen full touchscreen
can control it ie either
touching the screen or else control these
buttons also have an entrance on for external
devices and Esb
gas control
different zones and
heated mirrors outside